DOCSUP-6177: Add new columns to the system.query_log system table (#21892)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/system-tables/query_log.md

-   `Settings.Values` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Values of settings that are listed in the `Settings.Names` column.
-   `used_aggregate_functions` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Aggregate functions are created as a result of the query.
-   `used_aggregate_function_combinators` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Aggregate function combinators are created as a result of the query.
-   `used_database_engines` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Database engines are created as a result of the query.
-   `used_data_type_families` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Data type families are created as a result of the query.
-   `used_dictionaries` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Dictionaries are created as a result of the query.
-   `used_formats` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Formats are created as a result of the query.

> -   `used_functions` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — Functions are created as a result of the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `used_functions` ([Array(String)](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)) — canonical names of `functions`, which were used during query execution.
```
And similar for used_datatypes_families, used_table_functions, ...

    -   1 — `GET` method was used.
    -   2 — `POST` method was used.
-   `http_user_agent` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The `UserAgent` header passed in the HTTP request.

> -   `http_referer` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — URL of the query source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `http_referer` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — HTTP header `Referer` (contains an absolute or partial address of the page making the request).
```

-   `forwarded_for` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Headers passed in the HTTP query.
-   `quota_key` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — The `quota key` specified in the [quotas](../../operations/quotas.md) setting (see `keyed`).
-   `revision` ([UInt32](../../sql-reference/data-types/int-uint.md)) — ClickHouse revision.

> -   `log_comment` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Comment on the column, or an empty string if it is not defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `log_comment` ([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)) — Log comment. It can be set to arbitrary string no longer than max_query_size. An empty string if it is not defined.
```
